=head1 A guided tour of nifty things

Last modified: Jan 27, 2005.

This document is intended to list ways in which I can show this program to people, and maybe how people can see the program themselves.

Seqsee is different from Copycat in several ways:

=over

=item The Stream

Seqsee has a "stream of consciousness". This phrase was first used by William James in 1890 to describe the unbroken flow of thought and awareness of the waking mind. The stream in seqsee was conceived after reading James' "Principles of psychology". L<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stream_of_consciousness> charectarize this as "rapid, unconnected association of objects"; I take issue with the 'unconnected' bit, but otherwise that captures what I mean fairly well.

=item Descriptions

In copycat (and hence Metacat), all descriptions are name-value pairs. That is problematic: Copycat can never think "this 'a' is 'alphabetic_first'", but only "this 'a' has alphabetic_position 'alphabetic_first'". This is like not being able to think "this is a car" but only "the vehicle-type of this object is 'car'". 

Descriptions are far more general is Seqsee. Examples will be shown later.

=item Slipnet

The slipnet in Seqsee is very different from that in Copycat. The Copycat slinet was "fixed" in the sense that the repertoire of concepts was fixed. Moreover, the concepts were very sharp in comparison to those in Seqsee. Seqsee has the concept "surprising", for example. It is a very broad term. You may want to see what Ellis had to say about such evaluative words. (XXX: add link)

=back

=head1 Running the program

Type C<perl seqsee.pl --tk ...> on the command line. The <...> should be replaced by actual elements that you want to see the program tackle, for example, <1 18 2 17>.

Several windows will pop up: "Workspace", "Stream" and "Information". 

=head1 Demonstration Sequences

=over

=item 2 2 7 4 5 7

=item 3 4 8 9

=item 2 17 3 28



=back

=cut

